# Who

Matt, Karam, Julien, Timothee

# What happened

- We set up Karam's machine so he can run the tests and develop
- We added branches to the RepoInfo object you get back from GET `/repos/<repoId>`
- We consolidated some interfaces all into one file

# Insights (Good, Bad, Puzzling, Curious)

- Good base to start with. I like the typescript.
- Dev onboarding needs to be smoother. We made a ticket for this (#19)
- Endpoints are simple and usable.
- ðŸ¤” We're talking about having universal-git-client now in CucumberStudio. Lots of things going on in parallel. Will we have time to work on all of them? How/When will we get this integrated into CucumberStudio? The sooner we can add it, the better.
- Other people are also concerned about this. Do we need to do more work to design the protocol between git-en-boite and it's consumers?
- Could we use Swagger to define the end-points?
- ðŸ¤”What features do teams need, and in what order?
- Karam: In C4J, for big repos, it's very slow to import the data when we get a new webhook. I would like to see two endpoints
  - list the files at the head of a branch (only `.feature` files)
  - download the contents of a file at a revision
- Needs to automatically update on webhooks
- How would we want clients to be notified if new changes are received?
  - Webhooks are good

#Â Actions

- Mob again... next Wednesday pm?
- Matt spike registering webhooks with providers to stay in sync
- Karam will look at #19 to make the dev environment setup more easy
